rfc795: new release process foundations (#60962)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: cmd/migrator/airgappedgen/README.md

-rw-r--r--  0 0      0       41304 Jan 19 15:46 schema-descriptions/v3.30.2-internal_database_schema.codeintel.json
-rw-r--r--  0 0      0      396651 Jan 19 15:46 schema-descriptions/v3.30.0-internal_database_schema.json
# (...)
```

If you're building the tarball without stamping with the `VERSION` env var, it will still work, but will produce a tarball
that only contains a README to indicate that this is dev version. If you ever stumble across this in a production deployment,
it means that something wrong happened.

```
# Build the tarball
bazel build //cmd/migrator/airgappedgen:tar_schema_descriptions
```

```
# Grab the tarball output and shows what's inside.
# (we throw away stderr for clarity, so we just see the content of the tarball and not the logs
# from building the tarball).
$ tar tvf $(bazel cquery //cmd/migrator/airgappedgen:tar_schema_descriptions --output=files 2>/dev/null)
drwxr-xr-x  0 0      0           0 Jan 19 14:32 schema-descriptions/
-rw-r--r--  0 0      0         109 Jan 19 14:32 schema-descriptions/README.md
```

# FAQ

## Why do we need this?

> Airgapped customers are running migration in a fully isolated environment, and they can't reach the internat for security reasons,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airgapped customers are running migrations in a fully isolated environment, and they can't reach the internet for security reasons,
```

meaning that we need to provide a migrator variant that comes with everything baked in.

## Why are we fetching database schemas prior to `v3.42.0` on GCS?

For versions prior to `v3.42.0`, the repository didn't have the `*schema.json` files committed, so they're stored in a GCS bucket

> instead. See `.gcs_versions.json` in this folder for the file that manually lists them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead. See `gcs_versions.json` in this folder for the file that manually lists them.
```

## Why do we have to list the GCS versions in `gcs_versions.json`?

We could have use `gsutil` and simply download the entire folder content in one go instead of having to specify the versions.
But having to deal with the authentication on gcloud here would have been a bit more complicated where all we're doing is a bunch of
HTTP GET requests.

## Why don't we fail the build if unstamped, instead of silently creating an invalid tarball?

This would prevent builds in CI that are not release builds to succeed, which would be really annoying to deal with.

> TODO: add a release test to ensure the airgapped migrator ships with the schemas: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/59721

Author: Yes, not sure yet how to handle this one
